adding mac build and example (#151)
go-skynet/LocalAI: examples/chatbot-ui/README.md

docker-compose up -d --build
```

## Pointing chatbot-ui to a separately managed LocalAI service

> If you want to use the [chatbot-ui example](https://github.com/go-skynet/LocalAI/tree/master/examples/chatbot-ui) with an externally managed LocalAI service, you can alter the `Dockerfile` so that it looks like the below. You will notice the file is smaller, because we have removed the section that would normally start the LocalAI service. Take care to update the IP address (or FQDN) that the chatbot-ui service tries to access (marked `<<LOCALAI_IP>>` below):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the [chatbot-ui example](https://github.com/go-skynet/LocalAI/tree/master/examples/chatbot-ui) with an externally managed LocalAI service, you can alter the `docker-compose` file so that it looks like the below. You will notice the file is smaller, because we have removed the section that would normally start the LocalAI service. Take care to update the IP address (or FQDN) that the chatbot-ui service tries to access (marked `<<LOCALAI_IP>>` below):
```
